Review Re-create an AWS mongo instance (#2219)
alphagov/govuk-developer-docs: source/manual/alerts/recreate-a-mongo-instance-in-aws.html.md

   - https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-aws-data
   - https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-secrets

2. It is very useful to have access to the AWS console, to observe the changes
   as they happen.

3. You can now execute a `terraform plan` to view the actual module names.

   ```bash
   $ cd govuk-aws
   $ tools/build-terraform-project.sh -c plan  -p app-mongo -s blue -d data -e integration # Please check the script to identify the keys
   ```

> 4. The out-put, will show you the components and how they are named by `terraform`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. The output, will show you the components and how they are named by `terraform`.
```

Author: Good spot. I've just pushed your correction, could you take another look?
